How was the man's commute home from work yesterday?

A.There were four or five accidents
B.It took him an hour to get home
C.It was as bad as the woman's

Ans. C

what is the man concerned about?
 
A.He's not sure that he'll be to afford the rich dish
B. He's worried about eating food that's bad for his diet
C. He doesn't feel that the sea bass is very special

Ans. B

Should I use credit card or cash?
A. Yes, that's fine
B. You can use either one
C. Of course. There's no one waiting to use the machine

Ans. B

Which sentence best describes this conversation?
A. the man is asking the woman if she's happy with her salary
B. the woman has no problem with the man's question.
C. the woman doesn't feel comfortable answering the question.

Ans. C

Which sentence best describes this conversation?
A. The man thinks they won't save money by driving
B. The Weather could change their travel plans
C. The woman doesn't belive what the man says
Ans. B


Which sentenec best decribe this conversion?
A. the waitress apologized for bringing the wrong soup
B. The man was upset that this food arrive late
C. the man was unhappy about his food

Ans. C

Woman: What do you do?
(A)I'm an engineer.
(B)I'm taking a picture.
(C)Fine, thanks.

Ans-B

I don’t think you handled the situation as well as you might have.
(A) Thank you. I think I did my best as well.
(B) I appreciate your honest feedback.
(C) I agree that the situation was a difficult one.
Ans-C

Woman: I wished you call me before you get a taxi to the airport on Tuesday. I could have picked you up and driven you up in my way to work.
Man: If I thought about it I would have call.But I was in such a rush I couldn’t even think about it.
Which sentence best describes this conversation? 
(A)	The woman has offered the man a ride to the airport on Tuesday.
(B) The two people are complaining that they didn't call each other.
(C) The man is explaining why he didn't call the woman for a ride to the airport.
Ans-B

Woman: Mr. Smith you have a phone call on line 2.
Mr.Smith: I can’t talk him, I’m busy, please take a message.
Does Mr. Smith answer the telephone? 
(A)No, he's busy at the moment. 
(B)No, he's on line two.
(C)Yes, he's taking a message.

Ans. A

Woman: Is the bank open on Saturdays?
Man: Yeah, but its only in the morning, it’s not open in the afternoon.
When is the bank closed?
(A)all day on Saturday 
(B)on Saturday morning 
(C)on Saturday afternoon
Ans-C

Can I open the windows now?
(A)Sure, I do mind.
(B)No, you don't mind.
(C)Yes, you may.
Ans-C


Karen: Hello! This is XYZ computer company.
John: Hello Karen, This is john, I’m very sick.
Karen: Don’t worry John, You don’t have any meetings today, stay home and get better.
Which sentence best describes this conversation?
(A)John can't work today. 
(B)There are some meetings today. 
(C)John is getting better.
Ans-A

Are you coming to the meeting today?
(A)Yes, she'll attend today.
(B)No, I'm flying to London in an hour.
(C)Yes, I'm on time for the meeting.
Ans-B

It’s getting late, let’s continue tomorrow.
(A)I'm sorry. I've been too involved in other things.
(B)You're right; we should give it a rest for now.
(C)Yes, let's take a brief break.
Ans-B

Can I leave a message for him?
(A)No, I'm sorry. He's not in the office.
(B)I'll put you through to his voicemail. 
(C)I don't think so. He's in a meeting.
Ans-B

Sam: I’m so nervous! I wish I don’t have to speak today.
Susan: Don’t worry so much Sam you are good speaker, your presentation will be great.
Why is Sam nervous? 
(A)Susan is a better speaker than he is.
(B)He gave a bad presentation.
(C)He has to give a presentation.
Ans-C

Do you have any advice for me?
(A)I'm sorry, but I disagree with you.
(B)Yes, I was thinking the same exact thing. 
(C)No, I don't know what to suggest.
Ans-C

Why didn’t someone tell me? If I knew about the party early, I would have arranged to be there tonight.
(A) Don't worry! I'll be there early too.
(B) I don't know. I'm sorry you can't be there.
(C) I wish you could've come. It was a great party!
Ans-B

Man: The client rejected the offer?
Women: Yes, Tried to offer 10% discount.
Man: What do you do if it does not work? Do you have a backup plan?
Women: If worse comes to worst, I’m planning for additional 5%.
Man: I don’t know about that. We should call and discuss this little more.

Which sentence best describes this conversation?
(A) The backup plan is to offer the client a 10-percent discount.
(B) The man has some reservations about the woman's plan.
(C) The woman thinks 5 percent is worse than 10 percent.
Ans-B

You seem upset, what’s wrong?
(A) No, I'm not concerned about my driving mistakes.
(B) Driving in this heavy traffic makes me nervous.
(C) Yes, I'll take care of the problem with the car.
Ans-B

Man: Good Morning, This is Zee Computer Company. How may I help you?
Lynn: Yes, this is Lynn: Computer I ordered did not arrive. I really need it. Can you deliver it today?
Man:I’m sorry you did not receive your computer. I will ask someone to bring it to your office this morning.
What did Lynn ask the man at Zee Computer Company to do?
(A) Deliver the product.
(B) Come to her office.
(C) Wait to sell the computer.
Ans-A

Woman: I’m sorry to say this but you have not done the work with the presentation.
Man: You are right, I will do it tomorrow.

Which sentence best describes this conversation?
(A) The woman is criticizing the man.
(B) The woman is apologizing to the man.
(C) The man is unhappy with the woman.
Ans-A

Are you saying he is not the right person for the job?

(A) No, I'm not. I disagree with you.

(B) Yes, I was thinking the same exact thing.

(C) No, I just haven't made up my mind.

Ans. C

How long did you take to get hare?

(A) It usually takes two hours.

(B) It took about one hour.

(C) I left at 2:00.

Ans. B

What do you suggest I order?

(A) Yes, I will check on your order first.
(B) I'd start with the chef's salad, if I were you.
(C) Sorry, I'll reorder them.

Ans. B

Would you rather flying fly or take the train?

(A) The plane is more expensive than the train.
(B) I'd rather not drive to the airport.
(C) I prefer flying to taking the train.

Ans. C