Modern technology advantage and disadvantage, why? There will always be two sides to a coin. Likewise, there are both advantages and disadvantages to Modern technology. In the 90s, life seemed to be a lot peaceful than it is now. People would interact with each other, meet and greet each other in person. Today everyone has become isolated thanks to the virtual world created using Modern Technology. When people meet each other in person, they do not know how to get along well and would start scratching their mobiles again. Advantage I would say is that Modern technology has made the world smaller. It brought friends and families closer though they live in different countries. Also right from International phone calls to International travels, prices are affordable to a common man and is negotiable due to the availability of the various Modern technologies.
 

Positive and Negative features of Internet?

What is the advantages and disadvantages of internet? 

There will always be two sides to a coin. Likewise, there are both advantages and disadvantages to internet. In the 90s, life seemed to be a lot peaceful than it is now. People would interact with each other, meet and greet each other in person. Today everyone has become isolated thanks to the virtual world created using Internet. When people meet each other in person, they do not know how to get along well and would start scratching their mobiles again. Advantage I would say is that Internet has made the world smaller. It brought friends and families closer though they live in different countries. Also right from International phone calls to International travels, prices are affordable to a common man and is negotiable due to Internet and the various apps it helps us to access.

 

What are the advantages and disadvantages of computers? There will always be two sides to a coin. Likewise, there are both advantages and disadvantages to computers. In the earlier days, life seemed to be a lot peaceful than it is now. People would do hard work and live healthily for many years. Today majority of the people are doing soft work or smart work thanks to the computers. Their lifestyle and body routine has got affected due to this and they start facing numerous health issues in the earlier stage of their lives. The world and all its activities have become computerised. Manual work has got a lot simpler.  

 

Do you like the Job you are doing? and why?

“I like the job I am doing that I have a great degree of control and freedom within my job. I work full-time on a flexible schedule, both in and out-of-office, and my boss trusts me to produce high quality work and results. I work hard to maintain that level of trust, which keeps me engaged and excited — but at the same time, I love that my job enables me to love and enjoy my other passions in life,” My boss listens to my ideas and the whole team works together to make them happen. We all support each other and work together to offer creative feedback and them made our ideas a reality. I love being appreciated and listened to.I get to help other people grow professionally and get to think about the areas that help that process. I love helping people and seeing the results. I love putting ideas together in a way that is more common sense and interesting way and having others learn from it.

Which part of job do you like and why? I like the job I am doing. Infact I love it more than others. There is a certain amount of responsibility to each of us in our food product based project. What we individuals deliver, gets collected as a whole and brings revenue to the project. To know that I am part of a bigger chain and if I do not deliver my work, somewhere at other part of the world, the end product becomes a piece of lesser quality. I like this part of the work where I am part of the bigger circle of events.
