Many, many years ago, a very woman lived with her husband in a small town. She was the oldest person in the town, and all the people came to her for advice about their problems.

One day two farmers, Will and Tom, came to visit the woman. They were both very angry. Will said, "Yesterday I went to my berry field to get some berries. I saw Tom there, picking my berries and putting them into a basket!" Tom replied, "They're not Will's berries. I found that berry field five years ago, and I pick the berries every year. It's my berry field!" "He's lying!" said Tom. "I pick the berries every year and I take care of the berry plants, so it's my berry field." 

The old woman told them to come back the next day. Her husband looked at her and said, "This is a difficult problem. What are you going to tell them?" The woman answered, "I'm going to take a walk and think about it." Then, she took a walk. 

The next day Will and Tom returned. Tom waited outside while the woman talked to Will. "Will," she said, "the berry field is yours, and I have some advice for you. Always pick the berries in the early morning, just after the sun comes up. That's when the berries are the sweetest." Will thanked her and went away feeling happy. 

Then Tom came in. "Tom," said the woman, "the berry field is yours, and I have some advice for you. Always pick the berries in the late afternoon, just before the sun goes down. That's when the berries are the sweetest." Tom thanked her and went away feeling happy. 

The woman's husband looked at her. "I don't understand," he said. "How can they both own the same berry field?" The woman answered, "No one owns that berry field. I went and looked at it yesterday. It's just a large field by the lake. It has enough berries for Will and Tom and everyone else in town. There was only a problem because Will and Tom saw each other in the field picking berries. But now they'll never see each other there again!"



Look at the word wise in the story.Which phrase below means the same thing as wise?

(A)powerful and strong
(B)able to make good decisions and give good advice
(C)able to be the leader of many people and get much respect
(D)having many children and many friends
Ans- B

Will and Tom disagree about who owns the berry field and who should pick the berries. According to the wise woman, who is right?
(A)Tom is right, because he found the berry field five years ago. 
(B)Will is right, because he takes care of the berry plants. 
(C)Neither is right, because the berries grow in a field, not on a farm.
(D)Both are right, because they both pick the berries every year and no one else does.

Ans-C

What Makes a Company Successful?
by Elizabeth Franks
We asked fifteen of the most innovative and well-known leaders in business today about what made their companies so successful. They all agreed that a truly competitive and fast-growing company must have the following qualities. 
• Leadership: No one person today is smart enough to be in total control of all the parts of a company. The role of today's company leaders is to teach, encourage creativity, and help produce other leaders in each level of an organization. 
• Innovation: The ability to invent new products, processes, and possibilities is what innovation is all about. In an economy led by change and speed, every company needs leaders who can motivate workers to be innovative. 
• Learning: Competition today means that the knowledge an organization gathers is more important than the number of branch offices it opens. If a company wants to grow quickly, it needs people who can keep learning quickly. 
The industry leaders whom we spoke with stressed that it is not only the upper management, but also the employees, who help develop these essential qualities. must work together to build a successful business.
Why is learning an important part of a successful company?
(A)It will develop essential qualities in management personnel. 
(B)It will give the employees in a company a chance to change jobs more quickly. 
(C)It will help a company to open new branch offices. 
(D)It will help a company to grow quickly in a competitive world.
Ans- D

Look at the word All in the article. What or who does All refer to? 
(A)those in management and the employees of the company
(B)the essential and successful qualities of business 
(C)the various companies in business today
(D)the organization and its branch offices
Ans-A


Please verify the below answer.
TO: Jack Brown
FROM: Hua Pong
DATE: June 14
No. of pages: 1
Dear Mr. Brown
This fax confirms your reservation for our Hong Kong Visitor's Tour. Our driver will pick your family up at the airport. He will meet you after you go through customs and immigration. The driver will take you to the Grand Hotel. The trip takes about 50 minutes.
The next day, you and your family will take the city tour in our special van. Your driver will be Mr. Wong. He speaks English very well. There are many sights to see, and you can do some shopping too. You will have lunch in a traditional Chinese restaurant.
In your letter, you asked about using public transportation to explore Hong Kong. It is very easy. You can catch a bus or a train at the station near your hotel. There are many taxis too. Your hotel is also near a shopping center.
Please tell me if you need any more help. We can make reservations for you at a restaurant near your hotel. The staff at Hong Kong City Tours is very happy to serve you. Please call me at 2746-3984. Our office is open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., Monday to Friday.
Sincerely,
Hua Pong
Tour Coordinator
According to the fax, Mr. Brown will ________.
(A)fly to Hong Kong for business
(B)go sightseeing with his family
(C)meet his family at the airport
(D)need more help from the staf
Ans-B
In the fax, the word It refers to ________.
(A)taking the city tour by van
(B)checking in at the hotel
(C)using public transportation
(D)catching a bus at the station
Ans-C

BIG BIG BIG SALE!	SAVE! SAVE! SAVE!
Find great gifts now. Make your grandfather and grandmother happy! Make your mother and father laugh! Make your husband or wife smile!
Our prices are very low! Our salespeople are always friendly and helpful. We have beautiful clothes from many countries around the world.
•	Women's shoes from Italy 
•	Men's suits from Hong Kong 
•	Men's shirts from India 
•	Women's sweaters from Korea 
•	Women's dresses from France 
•	Men's ties from Taiwan 
•	Socks for men and women from Scotland and Ireland 
•	Men's jackets from Argentina 
•	Women's scarves from China in three colors (red, blue, and green) 
The World Clothing Store is open from 9 a.m

1.The World Clothing Store Sells_
A.women's dresses from many countries
B.only clothes from South America
C.shoes from around the world
D.clothes from many different countries.

2, The World Clothing Store in not open____

A.on Friday
B.in the afternoon
C.every day
D.at noon
Answer: D & C

HONE MESSAGE

TO

Adrian Jeffers

DATE

9/14

TIME

8:15 a.m.

FROM

Charles Plover

Telephoned

OF

the marketing dept.

Returned your call

PHONE

(831) 555-7921

Please call

Will call again

MESSAGE

Mr. Plover called to apologize. He has a deadline for some promotional material, so he can't meet you for lunch tomorrow. He does want to talk to you before the sales meeting this Friday to discuss the new merchandise. He's sure it will be a big hit in this country and will quickly become popular globally, but he says our CEO is worried about the risks of worldwide distribution and may delay the launch.

Mr. Plover definitely sounded concerned to me. He wants to talk to you about a few issues, but he doesn't want to do so by email. He is working on the press release for newspapers in our important markets. He may need to set up a conference call with you and the sales manager.

Mr. Plover wanted to know if you are free for lunch on Wednesday. He'd like to email you the press release text before you meet. It needs to be ready before the sales meeting.


The telephone message says Mr. Plover ________.

(A) is sorry he must reschedule the meeting with Mr. Jeffers

(B) is worried about the risks of worldwide distribution

(C) wants to have a sales meeting this Wednesday

(D) wants Mr. Jeffers to send him an email with the press release

In the last sentence of the message, the word It refers to ________.

(A) Mr. Plover's email

(B) the press release

(C) the lunch meeting

(D) worldwide distribution

Ans: A and B

TO:
FROM:
RE:

Kristin Donner, President 
Louis Johnson, Personnel Manager
Computer Training



Next week the employees in the International Loan Department will receive training on the new computer system. Two trainers from the ABC Training Group will come to our office next Wednesday.

I feel that managers should also attend the training. They need to understand how to use the new system too. However, some of them said they don't have the time to come.

We must start using this new system now, and there is not a good time to do another training just for the managers. What do you suggest we do to make sure that everyone receives the training?

Please me as soon as you can. Please email any helpful ideas or other suggestions to me directly.

Thank you for considering this problem. I hope to hear from you this week.


What is the problem Louis Johnson has with the training?

(A) There are not enough people for two training sessions.

(B) The two trainers don't have time do the training on Wednesday.

(C) Some of the managers can't attend the training on Wednesday.

(D) The new computer system is too difficult to understand.

Look at the word advise in the memo. Which phrase means the same thing as advise?

(A) to agree with someone

(B) to call someone on the telephone

(C) to ask a question

(D) to give useful suggestions

Ans: C and D


Non-profit Assistance Team
N.A.T.
http://www.nat-services.org

Fact Sheet

Are you tired of managing the day-to-day details of a non-profit organization? Are fund-raising and accounting taking up too much of your time? Do you want to keep costs down? If so, N.A.T. is just what you are looking for. We can help you!

For a low monthly fee, we provide these services:

•	Managing your accounting tasks, including payroll and benefits for full-time staff members
•	Organizing and publicizing fundraising events
•	Planning conventions
•	Providing bank reports
•	Printing brochures
N.A.T. has a track record of successful organization management. For the past ten years, we have been developing a flexible system to take care of the daily business tasks of non-profit organizations. This allows our clients to save time and money and focus on the good work that is their mission. We help many kinds of groups, clubs, and teams.

Our main office is inMiami. We have branch offices inParis,Seoul,Bangkok, andNew York. Our staff members are fluent in key local languages. We have experienced accountants, secretaries, convention managers, and marketing specialists.

Contact an N.A.T. office near you for more information. Put our team in charge of your business and free yourself up to accomplish your organization's goals.

The Non-profit Assistance Team ______.
(A) provides a free service to companies
(B) consists entirely of volunteer labor
(C) improves the group members' vision
(D) takes over management responsibilities


According to the fact sheet, N.A.T. staff members help organizations ______.
(A) work more efficiently
(B) hire full-time staff
(C) define their mission
(D) handle legal problems

Ans: D and A

Eighty-Year-Old Entrepreneur

Some people believe that senior citizens should retire, enjoy their free time, make baby clothes for their grandchildren, and play mah-jong or checkers in the park. If you're eighty years old, you've certainly earned the right to relax and do nothing.

Well, don't tell that to Nathaniel Hendersen. This octogenarian has more energy than a team of adolescent soccer players. And he has been in on the ground floor of more than 200 important inventions in the plastics industry.

What's the secret of his success? 

Janice Aldridge, head of Luxury Lifestyles, a customized office furnishings company based in Manhattan, says Hendersen's genius resides in his innovative designs. "Nathaniel is a pioneer in plastics," she reported. "He once told me that he loved imagining solutions to problems and challenges and then making [them] happen in his design studio."

Hendersen's long-time business partner, Olivier Despuits, would agree. He says Hendersen's contributions to plastics design stem from his unique ability to think outside the box. "Nathaniel is one of the most innovative, creative thinkers I have ever known. His designs for ergonomic keyboards transformed the industry almost overnight."

K.L. Wong is a venture capitalist who had the foresight to invest millions in Hendersen's ideas. From his corner office on the thirty-second floor, Wong gazes out the window and contemplates the far-reaching impact of Hendersen's inventions. "You asked me what makes Nathaniel so special. Look out there. He has influenced daily life in thousands of offices. Millions of employees are using equipment for which Nathaniel holds the patent." It was Wong who supplied the infusion of seed capital that catapulted Hendersen's designs into the global spotlight.

What does Hendersen himself think? For him, fame and financial success are almost irrelevant. What matters to him is doing what he enjoys. "I love thinking freely!" he exclaims. "My talent is looking at a product that people use on the job and figuring out how to improve it. Fortunately for me," he adds, "that's a talent with wide applicability. And it's fun!"

With his white hair and bristling eyebrows, the diminutive Hendersen is more energetic than many people half his age. Whatever his secret, he is a vital self-starter whose mission in life is to solve problems through innovative designs. You certainly won't find this creative eighty-year-old playing checkers in the park.

The author of this article probably believes that Nathaniel Hendersen ________.
(A) should take more time to rest and relax
(B) is proud of his fame and financial success
(C) has not significantly affected office workers
(D) has made a good decision to keep working
My answer is D

In this article, the word [them] refers to ________.
(A) solutions
(B) challenges
(C) problems
(D) designs
My answer is A

Meet Fred Stern--The Man with a New Management Style
by Carla Lightner

Fred Stern is the president of the second largest book publishing company in the world, Global Books. These days, everyone is talking about him because he has a new way of managing his employees.
Stern believes that there shouldn't be such a big difference between company leaders and company employees. He wants his employees to feel free to talk with him. In fact, Stern told us, "I read about 25 letters or email messages from my 5,000 employees every day. Sometimes, people call me on the phone to . I listen carefully when they talk about problems or things that they feel unhappy about or don't like."
Don't you wish we could all have a boss like Fred Stern? Maybe other corporate leaders will see how successful he is and try to copy his new management style. Let's hope.

Which of the following is NOT a part of Fred Stern's management style?

(A) to answer telephone calls from his employees

(B) to read letters from his employees

(C) to create different jobs for his employees

(D) to listen to his employees' problems

Ans: C

Look at the word  in the magazine article. Which phrase means the same thing as  ?
 
 	(A) to talk about things that you are not pleased about
 	(B) to call someone on the telephone to make a suggestion
 	(C) to inform others about your work day
 	(D) to take care of a problem that someone else has
Ans : A

Metropolitan Bus Has Record Sales

Metropolitan Bus, Inc. reported yesterday that profits rose last year. The company is the country's main bus manufacturer. J.M. Lee, CEO of Metropolitan Bus, said today, "We are very proud of our workers. They have made the Metropolitan Bus brand popular with large bus companies. They build comfortable and reliable transportation for our customers." Lee adds, "The company's sales team is also great. Everyone focuses on our customers' needs and provides excellent after-sales service. That's why profits rose last year. But teamwork is really the key. All of our employees work well together!"

Angela Corno is an engineer with Metropolitan Bus. She says that there have been some changes in production that have improved efficiency. These changes have helped the company's global business. "We sell our products worldwide," she said. "Our buses are not unique, but they are of very high quality. They are a good value at a reasonable price. Other companies try to copy our products but don't succeed. It's a good company to work for," says Corno.

Metropolitan Bus is also famous for its batteries and other automobile parts. Asia is the biggest market for Metropolitan Bus. However, some cities in Europe purchase Metropolitan Bus products too. This trend should continue. Mr. Lee said annual revenues will rise for the next three years. "We are talking with a major company in Latin America about a new contract," said Lee. "This deal involves very little risk. We know we can produce what they need."

The CEO of Metropolitan Bus says that ________.
(A) profits rose last year and will continue to rise
(B) the company's advertising is now very efficient
(C) the company produces innovative truck parts
(D) the company is negotiating with a big company in Asia
My answer is A

Angela Corno says that Metropolitan Bus ________.
(A) copies other companies' products successfully
(B) makes unique batteries and other parts for buses
(C) sells products that are popular in many countries
(D) sells buses, batteries, and parts at high prices
My answer is C

The Windsor shaving set ___.

(A) now costs only $89.95 at MAGRUDER'S

(B) includes six aftershave samples

(C) is for sale at many department stores

(D) is free after you spend a certain amount

Look at the word this in the advertisement. What does the word this refer to?

(A) the shaving set

(B) the aftershave

(C) your home

(D) MAGRUDER'S department store

Ans D and A

How Employees Rank Their Jobs
by Glen Conway

Today the economy is stronger than it has been for several years and there are many job opportunities in the labor market. It is not surprising then that workers' expectations and requirements are high as they search for the perfect job. The position, salary, and conditions of a job must meet the workers' prerequisites.
In a recent survey commissioned by the Labor Department, fifty thousand employees throughout the country were asked to rank the desirability of 250 jobs in today's market. The criteria used to rank these jobs were environment, income, security, stress, and physical demands. 
Four of the five top-ranked jobs were connected to the high-tech industry, namely Web site manager, computer systems analyst, software engineer, and computer programmer. Meanwhile, jobs involving difficult working conditions, like long hours, heavy lifting, or an element of danger, were ranked toward the bottom of the list; the bottom five were taxi-driver, dancer, cowboy, construction worker, and fisherman. 
Some critics argue that other criteria should have been included in this list. However, the results of the survey indicate that more and more people see jobs related to computers and the Internet as the way to go in their employment search.
The article says that ________.

(A) people are interested only in computer- and Internet-related jobs
(B) the economy is responsible for the limited number of job opportunities
(C) experts agree on the criteria for ranking jobs 
(D) many of the most popular jobs were high-tech

Look at the word prerequisites in the article. Which phrases mean the same thing as prerequisites?
(A) jobs related to the high-tech industry
(B) different working conditions
(C) things that people want in a workplace
(D) the criteria used for ranking jobs

Ans: D and C

M E M O R A N D U M ?
To: Angel Simon, Manager, Sales Department
From: Kim Sanders, Director, Production Department
Re: Notes from March 23 meeting
DATE: March 24 
Thank you for meeting with me yesterday. This memo documents our discussion and our ideas for addressing the company's current situation.
In the long run, we must be flexible in order to deal with the problems our company faces. But more immediately, we should show the CEO that we can work with reduced staff to achieve our goals.
We have a great opportunity to produce a fine product even though the number of employees on our assembly line has been reduced. As we agreed yesterday, we want to increase our global reach while boosting our ability to provide our products locally. This is a key balance that we must continue to pursue. 
We also agreed to meet again on Tuesday of next week to discuss additional strategies for achieving these goals. When our two departments have discussed our ideas, we can schedule a meeting with the executive team to present our suggestions.
As you pointed out yesterday, we have experienced some significant layoffs as a result of the recent merger. Like you, I'm concerned that the remaining employees may feel overwhelmed because of their increased workloads. But I know I can count on you and your team to implement the new strategies for expanding our sales. I am optimistic about the future of our company. I am sure that, working together, we can come to a consensus about the next steps we should take

Kim Sanders has written to Angel Simon to ____.
(A) tell Angel exactly what to do next in the assembly line
(B) express disapproval of Angel's ideas about the company
(C) encourage Angel to dismiss more employees very soon
(D) summarize the ideas that they discussed yesterday

Answer: D

In this memo, the phrase count on means ____.
(A) rely on
(B) work with
(C) add up
(D) explain to
Answer: A
