What is the important part of your job? Why?
At my job I receive health insurance, a retirement plan, stock options, and two weeks of paid vacation .
I value the health insurance the most because medical bills are very expensive. 
I wish I had more time for vacation, though.
The 5 important aspects aspects of a job is – 1.Pay 2.Location 3. Satisfaction 4.ManagementCulture 5. Advancement 

What is your favorite city? Why?
I have never been to the south of India, but I would love to buy a house there.
i have seen several movies that were filmed there, and I think I would like to live near the sea.
The people there seem to be very nice.

City or country which I like to live :
Well, I've lived in very big cities for most of my life: Tokyo, Bangkok, Los Angeles, and now is the first time ever that I've lived in the country and I'm finding that I like it a lot better. I have time to do things that I could never do in the city, like play guitar or even read the news, and I'm enjoying a peaceful lifestyle a lot more than the busy city life.

What is your favorite time of the year? Why?
I love summer. It is a time where you get to relax and enjoy having no school. There are many outdoor sports you can play like soccer, baseball, tennis and more! .my favorite part of summer is going on vacation. I love visiting new places and exploring the hotels I stay in. Also I enjoy visiting my cousins in different parts of the world who I’ve waited all year to see. In my opinion, summer is by far the best season of the year.

What is your favorite day for the week?
My name is Shankar. My favorite day is Friday because it’s the last day at school/ college/ office and we have two holidays after that. I never have to work on Friday after 6.00 and I get to go to temple and then play around on the internet for the rest of the day. 


==Why did you choose IT as career? 

Since my childhood I was looking for something creative.
I have decided to become an engineer since I was in 5th grade because I was strong in maths & science subjects.
I was originally attracted towards computers while I was in 10th grade and then I made my mind to become an IT Engineer. 
I love writing programs and designing applications.
Being in IT field, you can effectively contribute to growth of the nation.

Who has influenced you to choose your career?
Who inspired you? Why?

People Who Influenced Me and My Career: 
My Dad. When I was young, he fed a thirst for knowledge. Later, he taught me the importance of a strong work ethic. Not by saying it, but by living it. Those remain key strengths, to this day.
First manager at State Street Project. Taught me the power of positive thinking and changed my whole way of looking at work. What I once saw as a job became endless opportunity. Amazing stuff.
My Wife. Had my back when taking some pretty crazy career risks. Her rock-solid support was huge; I couldn't have done any of this without her.
So, that's who influenced me. Who influenced you and what did you learn from them? 

==Your personal goal:
I would like to change the nation, seriously.
Starting from micro to macro concepts of life. 
But I'm not sure how to do it and where to start, what I can do is only to help others in their needs
.
 Personal - To pursue activities that will maximize my enjoyment of life.I want to be fit and healthy.
I want to meet new people. I want to share my ideas with people who haven't always known me. I want a boat. I want to buy a house. I want to enjoy myself at work as much as possible. I want to grow. I want to learn. I want to feel 

Professional goal:
 
"I would like to become a Technical Architect or higher. This might be a little ambitious, but I know I'm smart, and I'm willing to work hard."
 I see myself in a Architect role, leading my team to new innovations and growth. I have a desire to develop my skills as a Architect, I’m sure I will eventually get there.
My Personal goal is to be successful and I don’t mean money. Whatever I choose to do I simply want to enjoy it, to be good at it and to continue bettering myself.
Professional – To lead my team into producing the best we can in the most efficient way possible
Already reached most of my career goals, so I’ll be happy if I continue doing what I am presently so long as I have interesting and challenging projects to work on. To set targets that my team will achieve by putting all the expertise and skills that they have. To take my job seriously. Prioritize the things which need to be done day by day. 

How computer affected you? Merit and its demerits
Computer is the revolutionary invention of modern science. This is the age of computer. Computer has become an integral part of our life. We can not imagine our present life without computer. Everything in our life is connected with it.As everything has its good or bad sides, computer is not an exception. So, it has some merits and demerits too.
MERITS:
1.Computer is now essential in office,institutions,bank,rail,shops,bussiness,indrustry etc.we are helpless without it.
3.computer is the heart of science and technology.scientists do their research in every subject and even send spacecraft to another planet with the help of computer.
4.It has much more computing and calculating power than a human being.
5.It helps to communicate people across the globe over internet.
6.we can access to any information through internet. It is helpful to our study and enlarges our knowledge.
DEMERITS:
1.computer destroys our social life.
2.It affects our eyesight due to radiation.
3.Too much time in front of computer distracts our mind and disturbs our study.
4.Many contents on website are very harmful for children and teenagers.
So,computer has both merits and demerits.If We use merits of it and avoid its demerits computer must be part and parcel of our life.

Technology which makes our job/life is easier :
In conclusion, computers are one of the most important things in our lives. It is crucial in our every day routine, and it lasts for the rest of our lives. Most people love computers
Technology is all around us. There are a number of devices and advances that help to make our daily lives easier. 1.Smartphones -The advancement in phones is amazing. On your phone you can not only get calls, but surf the web, send messages, video chat and more. 2. Laptops -The computer being portable has changed the way we work and play. Portability is an amazing thing.


