Which part of this year do you like more and why?

Which Month you like and why  : December is my favourite month of the yr in general. The climate will be very pleasant in December. To live in a hot city like Chennai, there has to be some inspiration at year end and it is December’s climate only. Also December is the month for Carnatic musical events in Chennai. Though am not a big fan of Carnatic music, I have always been curious to know how it will be to view it in live. Snacks in the Carnatic Auditorium canteens are also world famous which is more the reason to visit in December J I have also never seen snow in Christmas season as I live in Chennai and it is my wish to see it some day in future on a December month. It is also the month when we can recollect about all the happy and sad memories of the year and make decisions on how to make the upcoming year more memorable.

What's your favourite holiday why? December holiday season is my favourite month of the year in general. The climate will be very pleasant in December. To live in a hot city like Chennai, there has to be some inspiration at year end and it is December’s holiday season& also its climate. December is also the month for Carnatic musical events in Chennai. Though am not a big fan of Carnatic music, I have always been curious to know how it will be to view it in live. Snacks in the Carnatic Auditorium canteens are also world famous which is more the reason to visit in December J Clients will also be in a happy mood as its Christmas holidays and will be able to spend a lot of time with family. I have also never seen snow in Christmas season as I live in Chennai and it is my wish to see it some day in future on a December month. It is also the month when we can recollect about all the happy and sad memories of the year and make decisions on how to make the upcoming year more memorable.

What's the advantage and disadvantage of online shopping, why? There will always be two sides to a coin. Likewise, there are both advantages and disadvantages to Online shopping. Advantages : There will be no need to travel all the way and choose products in person. Instead everything is just a click away to grab on. We will be able to compare between various online apps and arrive at the cheapest price of a product and pay for it.

Disadvantages : The product may be damaged. What they show on the online portal may be different from what is getting delivered. We will not be able to know about the quality of the product unless it gets delivered. I prefer Online shopping though as I can spend quality time with family at home and expenditure to travel and buy unwanted products in addition is avoided.
